---
layout: post
title: Abbe?
description: Who is Albin Larsson? Web developer? Mapper? Weird?
image: http://abbe98.github.io/assets/default.png
---
If you are reading this you probably know me from some corner of the web, maybe we did have a discussion about web accessibility, do we follow each other on Google+ or Twitter? Do or have we worked together at any open source project? No matter if you working at Mozilla(just a example) or are studying in Katrineholm and know me through friends, I should introduce myself to give you an idea about what you can expect to find here later on…

###To make a long story short…

I live on the countryside near the town Katrineholm in Sweden(no snow yet), I’m 15 years old(soon 16). When you doesn't find me near a computer or studying in Katrineholm you will find me in a forest somewhere looking for flags doing orienteering. I did get my first computer when I was four, from Ericsson because I crashed one of theirs using hot chocolate. It was a Dell running Windows 95, it’s still here somewhere but I think it has Debian installed… 

Today some people would say that Windows is my main platform(I have a Lumia(900)) some would say openSUSE the operating system I prefer… If someone would ask me which operating system that’s my main platform I would answer that I don’t see operating systems as anything more than a gate to the web… I don’t know what the first thing you do when you starts your computer but I would guess that you open your web browser. The only things I’m not doing in the web browser is programming, no online tool is powerful enough yet(no tool have all the features I want)…

My first experience with programming was from the good old game Age of Empires II, I remember myself developing a new AI for the game. Since then I haven't been able to play a game without thinking how it works… 

###What’s happening right now then?

I do tons of work on my open source projects such as App Ground and Facile Framework. I contribute to [Adobe Brackets][1], [Together.js][2](by Mozilla) and some smaller ones. Of course I do a lot of work with web accessibility too(and my secret projects). The stuff that are most “soon to be available” are probably App Ground Documentation, Facile Framework 1.0.0, Board 2 and App Ground 1.1.2.

Now back to homeworks...

[1]: http://brackets.io
[2]: https://togetherjs.com
